README.md, before:

**Boomshine 3D**
============
Boomshine 3D is a small project that is intended to be a gentle introduction to 3D development using [Unreal Engine 4](https://www.unrealengine.com/). The goal of this project is to recreate a 3D version of a game called [Boomshine](http://www.k2xl.com/games/boomshine/) written by Danny Miller. The concept of Boomshine is addictively simple, and re-creating it in 3D will likely destroy the appeal of the original by removing its simplicity. However, to restate the original point, the intent of this project is purely to be an introduction to game development using UE4. 


Requirements
-------------------
This project uses Unreal Engine 4.11.2.



Installation
----------------

 1. Download the project
 2. Launch the Unreal editor
 3. Under the *Projects* tab, click the browse button
 4. Locate the boomshine3d.uproject file and open it


Acknowledgements
---------------------------
Thanks to Danny Miller for the original Boomshine.
Also to [stackedit.io](https://stackedit.io/viewer#) which was used in generating this README markup.

Commit message:

Replaced camera with new OrbitCam (thanks to Flakky for allowing its use). Updated README to give credit for the cam. Modified sky in anticipation of adding day/night cycles.

README.md, after:

**Boomshine 3D**
============
Boomshine 3D is a small project that is designed to help introduce me to the world of creating 3D games using [Unreal Engine 4](https://www.unrealengine.com/). As the name of the project suggests, this is a 3D version of the a game called [Boomshine](http://www.k2xl.com/games/boomshine/) written by Danny Miller. The concept is addictively simple, and maybe re-creating it in 3D will destroy some of its appeal through simplicity, but as stated, this project is simply to get me used to UE4. 


Requirements
-------------------
This project uses Unreal Engine 4.11.2.



Installation
----------------

 1. Download the project
 2. Launch the Unreal editor
 3. Under the *Projects* tab, click the browse button
 4. Locate the boomshine3d.uproject file and open it


Acknowledgements
---------------------------
A very well deserved thank you goes out to the following:

 - Danny Miller for the original Boomshine
 - [stackedit.io](https://stackedit.io/viewer#), which was used to generate this README markup
 - Flakky for allowing the use of his awesome [orbit cam](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNgXBrBYiQ0)
